As we step through the entrance, we're greeted by the modern architecture
and inviting ambiance. The entrance sets the
tone for what lies ahead, a world of exploration and
discovery.
The reception area welcomes us with warmth and efficiency.
Here you'll find self check in and checkout facilities for books
as well as a convenient bag counter for storing your belongings
during your visit. Need a caffeine boost or
a quick bite to eat? Look no further than Nescafe,
conveniently located within the library premises. Whether you're craving
a snack or a full meal, Nescafe offers a variety of
dining options to fuel your mind and body. As we
make our way through the library, we encounter lifts and stairs leading
to different levels. Take a moment to relax and soak in
the sunlight in the cozy sofa seating area.
The open layout creates a welcoming atmosphere perfect
for both solitary study sessions and group collaborations.
For PhD scholars, dedicated study and conference rooms
provide a conducive environment for research and scholarly pursuits.
These spaces offer a blend of comfort and productivity.
Equipped with desks, plug points, sofas, and bookshelves,
the Shiv Nadar Institution of eminent Central Library is
the soul of the institution and it has an extensive collection
of books, scientific and technical journals,
and electronic reference materials for satisfying the
academic and research needs of students and faculty community.
There is a reference section, circulation section,
audio visual section, periodical section,
book bank, and digital library.
Let's ascend to the first floor. Here, we encounter a
separate collection dedicated to scholarly research.
In the SNU library, you'll find a treasure trove of academic
literature and resources curated to support advanced
studies and research endeavors. Step into our inviting
library space and let yourself unwind. Amidst the cozy seating
arrangements, thoughtfully designed individual cubicles,
and tranquil study nooks. With shelves lined
with an extensive array of books spanning various genres
and subjects, you'll find yourself immersed in a sanctuary
of knowledge and imagination.
Whether you're embarking on a scholarly pursuit or seeking solace in
the pages of a captivating novel,
our library provides the perfect environment to study,
stimulate your intellect, and soothe your soul.
So take a moment to breathe, to explore, and to
revel in the endless possibilities that await within these walls.
Before we continue exploring other areas on campus,
I want to make sure you have all the information you need. If you
have any questions whatsoever, don't hesitate to reach out.
Just tap on the talk to me button below or type your query
in the text box and I'll be happy to provide you with answers.
Thank answers.